uuid	text	type
8a35883f9c9f0b15a9e20ab8711d403d91d57405	"18 SHARE The Amish in America have committed their vote to Donald Trump guaranteeing him the Presidency. (AP Photo / Dennis System) 
COLUMBUS, OH (AP) — History was made today in Columbus, Ohio when more than 3 million Amish poured into the city to see the American Amish Brotherhood (AAB), an organization which acts as an informal governing body for the Amish community, endorse Donald Trump for president. That number represents a significant portion of the total Amish population, which the United States Census Bureau says numbers more than 20 million men and women nationwide all pledging their vote to Trump for President. With the full force of the Amish community behind him, Donald Trump is now mathematically guaranteed to win the presidency in November. 
The organization typically meets once a year and the meetings usually consist of about 300 Amish leaders who meet to discuss the challenges, such as urban sprawl, that face the community. This year, however, the organization wanted as many people in attendance as possible so they can effectively instruct all Amish men and women of legal voting age to cast their vote for the flamboyant Republican nominee. 
The Amish, who are direct descendants of the protestant reformation sect known as the Anabaptists, have typically stayed out of politics in the past. As a general rule, they don’t vote, serve in the military, or engage in any other displays of patriotism. This year, however, the AAB has said that it is imperative that they get involved in the democratic process. 
“Over the past eight years, the Democratic Party has launched a systematic assault on biblical virtues,” said AAB chairman Menno Simons. “We have seen more and more Christians being persecuted for their faith; we have seen the state defile the institution of marriage. Now, they want to put a woman in the nation’s highest leadership role in direct violation of 1 Timothy 2:12. We need to stop this assault and take a stand for biblical principles. Donald Trump has shown in both action and deed that he is committed to restoring this country to the Lord’s way.” 
According to statistician Nate Silver of the website fivethirtyeight.com, there are no possible scenarios in which Hillary Clinton can win with Donald Trump carrying the Amish vote. 
“The Amish have their highest numbers in perennial swing states like Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa,” Silver noted. “They also have strong numbers in reliably Democratic states like Michigan, Illinois, and New York, meaning that Hillary will lose those states as well. There is also a sizeable community in Florida which, while not as large as it is in the Midwest, is still large enough to turn Florida for Trump. Over the next two weeks, you can expect Hillary to enter into a state of freefall in all of my predictive models.” 
The Clinton campaign issued a written statement to the AAB asking them to reconsider their decision. 
“I don’t believe that Donald Trump is the person who best represents your interests,” Clinton wrote to the AAB. “As a career real estate developer, he represents a clear threat to your simple way of life. As former first lady of Arkansas, I understand the concerns of rural Americans more than any candidate in this election. I implore you to consider all of the facts before voting for my opponent.” 
Most pundits believe that Mrs. Clinton’s plea is too little too late. 
During a press conference in Manhattan, Trump thanked the AAB for their support and promised to put the Amish to work maintaining government buildings, which he said would save taxpayers millions because “the Amish do great work for a very low price.” 
Though Clinton has pledged to stay in the race until the very end, many of her campaign workers have already resigned. According to the Associated Press, it is expected that the Clinton campaign will lose 50% of its staff over the next two weeks. There is a general mood of hopelessness and despair in the Clinton camp, and many simply want to cut their losses. 
“It looked like she was going to win this election easily,” said Paul Horner, a campaign worker in Ohio, “But this is what happens when you wake a sleeping giant. Cleary, Mrs. Clinton took far too much for granted in this race, and we are all now paying the price. It’s really sad to see the campaign end this way.” 
If you are interested in learning more about the Amish community and the AAB, you can contact the Pennsylvania Amish Heritage Museum at (785) 273-0325. TAGS "	fake
c6fb8dae30e3d378935e910540a0cb99b5351ac0	"64 SHARE President Obama has signed an Executive Order declaring an investigation into the election results and plans for a revote on December 19th. (AP Photo / Dennis System) 
WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) — Following the results of Tuesday night’s election, President Obama has signed Executive Order 13805 , which orders a full recount of all votes cast in the election and calls for a special election to be held on December 19 th . Obama signed the order in response to the concerns of thousands of voters across the country who said that they were prevented from casting a ballot on election day , too many absentee ballots have not been found or counted , equipment failures, as well as concerns that some members of the electoral college may have acted unethically. 
“People all over the country have been flooding my office with calls, telling my staff of horror stories about being harassed and intimidated by poll workers,” Obama told reporters. “Many have even said that they were flat out denied entry into the voting booths to cast their ballots if they were wearing a Hillary Clinton shirt or other signs showing support for her as President. This was especially bad in areas of Florida and North Carolina where there are high numbers of Latino and African American voters. We must investigate these claims. The margin of victory is too close to call, and the outcome of this election is too important. There is just too many legal challenges in too many states to just call this a victory for Trump.” 
Under the President’s order, the votes cast in all precincts nationwide will be recounted, and all poll workers who took part in Tuesday’s election will be subjected to strict background checks. This process is expected to take 30 days. In precincts where the Department of Justice has cause to believe that voter suppression has occurred, new elections will be held on Dec. 19 th, with those results being used to help determine who will represent the individual states in the electoral college. 
Not surprisingly, Donald Trump is not happy with the president’s decision. 
“Crooked Hillary lost this election fair and square. They tried to rig this election against me, but the American people didn’t allow that to happen. President Obama doesn’t care about what the American people want. I said the system was rigged all along, and this proves I was right.” 
The president also said that the DOJ will be taking a close look at the members of the electoral college. 
“We have received information from a very reliable source that suggests there may have been some collusion between the members of the electoral college and poll workers in certain swing states. We still need to investigate these claims, but if they are true, we will take all the appropriate actions necessary.” 
Paul Horner, a professor of political science at UCLA, believes that the issues with the electoral college run much deeper that this election. 
“Most people feel that it is their right as citizens to pick the president of the United States, but there is nothing in the constitution that says that. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by more than 200,000 votes , but because of the electoral college, she still lost. That decision is reserved solely for the 538 electors who meet in their respective states on December 19 th . What the people are actually voting for are their states’ electors, not for the President. Though the system is odd and unfair, it has persisted because many insist that it works just fine as it is, with the winner of the popular and electoral vote usually matching. That does not mean, however, that it will continue to work just fine in the future. The way the system is set up could cause it to malfunction in some potentially terrifying ways, this recent election being one of them.” 
Political Analyst Matt Daemon told ABC News that he agrees with the President’s Executive Order and said that he would like to see the electoral college done away with altogether. 
“[The electoral college] is a f—king joke; we should be using the popular vote instead. It may have made sense in 1788, but so did the three fifths compromise . Everyone should have an equal vote, and that’s just not the case with the electoral college. You know what the electoral college gave us? It gave us George W. Bush. It gave us a war in Iraq, and the worst recession since the great depression. It’s time to bring our system into the 21 st century. I hope Obama fixes this, because president Trump is going to be a nightmare.” 
Obama finished up the press conference explaining his plans for moving forward. 
“We’re going to investigate the FBI into their role in all of this,” Obama said. “Why did FBI director James Comey on Sunday say that the agency is not recommending charges against Clinton after reviewing all of her emails; declaring Hillary Clinton a free women conveniently just one day before the election? Why wasn’t this news released earlier? How many votes were lost because of this?” Obama said. “If all of these questions cannot be answered by our deadline set in December, a recount will be ordered.” 
If you have any questions about the recount or the special December 19 th election , you can call the Obama administration’s special election hotline at (785) 273-0325. TAGS "	fake
504e8fa4469d75f8d22984220568e3313c74a1b7	"adobochron 10 Comments 
San Francisco, California – It was an agreement four years in the making, oftentimes marred by shouting matches among city hall officials, representatives of the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence, merchants and homeowners. But the Halloween party in San Francisco’s gay Castro district finally returns in 2014. 
It will be recalled that the Halloween bash attracted as many as 500,000 each year and has become a major tourist attraction, second and third only to the Pride parade and Folsom Street Fair. Stabbing and shooting incidents, believed to be perpetrated by straight revelers, prompted city officials to permanently ban the event beginning in 2010. 
As part of the agreement, the “new” Castro Halloween will be open only to members of the LGBTQ community who will have to register with city hall and be included in a “gay registry.” Registrants, who will take an oath admitting that they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender or questioning, will be issued special identification cards linked to the official registry. The IDs will be the only accepted pass to gain entry to the Halloween event. ID’s will be scanned at entrances to the event to confirm that individuals are listed in the official registry. 
Get ready to say “Boo!” Again. Rate this:"	fake
20e1a45f760f8db5f26207bbfe827bf8cd6d65bb	"adobochron 1 Comment 
MANILA, Philippines (The Adobo Chronicles, Manila Bureau) – This is a tutorial on how to ride the jeepney which is an important mode of mass transportation in many cities and towns in the Philippines. 
Many of you may already be familiar with these rules, etiquette and tricks but for those who are visiting the country for the first time or are returning nationals (balikbayan) who have been away for a long time, you might want to keep this tutorial handy. First of all, not all jeepneys you encounter are as colorful, shiny and clean as the one pictured here. If you are bothered by smoke or the smell of gasoline, remember to always carry and wear a disposable surgical mask. It also helps with, you know, body odor. In most cases, there are no jeepney stops like there are bus stops. Wherever you are, be rest assured that so long as there is room for one more passsenger, the jeepney will stop for you. Speaking of room, when the driver says the capacity of his jeepney is 10 passengers on either side, you can’t argue. Ten means ten, even if only half your butt sits comfortably on the padded seat. Only cash payment is accepted, but you probably already know that. Exact fare is appreciated but Mr. Driver is happy to provide change except very early in the day. “Barya lang po sa umaga!” No five hundred peso bills in the morning, please. Jeepney fare is passed on from one passenger to another until it reaches the driver. The same is true for any change back due the passenger. It takes a village to ride the jeepney you know. If you don’t want to be bothered by other passengers asking you to pass on the fare to the driver, sit as far as possible from the driver, assuming that premium spot is vacant. The jeepney driver would appreciate it so much if you pay your fare before you start texting on your mobile phone. “God knows who doesn’t pay,” says one jeepney sign. There are two phrases you need to learn when riding the jeepney: “Bayad po” (here’s my fare) and “Para po” (this is my stop). If you don’t speak the language, no worries. Just pass on your fare to the passenger next to you and he or she will know what to do. And if you need to disembark, just knock on the jeepney’s roof. It also means “please stop.” There are discounted fares for students and seniors. Be sure to say “one senior” or “one student” when paying your fare. Otherwise, you pay full fare. Filipinos have learned to respect seniors and people with disabilities. The spot closest to the jeepney entrance (farthest from the driver) is reserved for them. Isn’t that nice? As always, hold on to the hand rails. It can be a very bumpy ride. Rate this:"	fake
9874fcff14d4af3c13954116c55590b28a5b98b8	"adobochron 1 Comment Comerford 
WASHINGTON, D.C. ( The Adobo Chronicles, Washington Bureau) – White House executive chef, Filipino-American Cristeta Comerford, has revealed what she would cook for President Hillary Clinton’s first meal when she moves (back) to the presidential residence. That is, of course, assuming the Clintons will continue to retain her services. 
It would be pancit, that signature noodle dish closely identified with the Philippines. 
When asked by The Adobo Chronicles why she chose pancit, Comerford said that pancit represents long life and a ‘long term,’ meaning she was hoping Hillary would be elected to a second four-year term like her predecessor and current boss, President Barack Obama. Filipino pancit (Photo: MyBayKitchen.com) 
We were hoping she’d say “chicken or pork adobo” but we agree with her rationale for choosing pancit. Rate this:"	fake
3b136392b55de72123d5b03a3d07e575119e944d	"adobochron 7 Comments A rendering of the Trump Tower in Makati City, Philippines 
MAKATI CITY, Philippines ( The Adobo Chronicles) – When completed by the end of 2016, the Trump Tower in the Philippines will be among the country’s tallest buildings . But the Trump name may disappear from this upscale residential building. 
Launched in 2012, Trump Tower is a joint venture between Century Properties and the Trump Organization. It will be managed by Century Properties Management Inc. To rise at 250 meters above ground, the 56-story building is designed by award-winning international architectural firm Broadway Malyan. 
“It’s really just an iconic, modern building, very tall, very chic, something that really symbolizes everything that a Trump project means,” said Eric Trump, son of Donald, and executive vice president of development and acquisition. 
It is located at the corner of Kalayaan Avenue and Salamanca Street in Makati City. 
But today, Philippine President Rodrigo Roa Duterte issued an executive order canceling the building permit of the Trump Tower. 
Duterte called Donald Trump and his organization “persona non grata” for the Republican presidential candidate’s recent comments about the Philippines. 
It will be recalled that in one of his campaign speeches, Trump lumped the Philippines with other countries with terrorism links, calling for the banning Filipinos from immigrating to the United States. Duterte even challenged Trump to a fist fight. 
“If we, Filipinos, are not welcome in the United States, why would we welcome Trump in the Philippines,” Duterte said. 
Asked by The Adobo Chronicles what the Philippine government plans to do with the Trump Tower, Duterte replied, “I will make it a rehabilitation center for the more than half a million Filipino drug users who surrendered as part of my war on drugs.” 
Touché!"	fake
6cc3f4a496a8124a3832867e74a1a26a9ae43232	"adobochron 1 Comment 
SAN FRANCISCO, California ( The Adobo Chronicles, San Francisco Bureau) – Now it can be told — now that Hillary Clinton is all but assured of the Democratic presidential nomination. 
For months since the former secretary of state launched her presidential bid, her campaign logo has always symbolized America’s quest to move forward, with the arrow in the logo pointing to the right. Left-handed people, of course, dispute that symbolism because for them, moving forward should be pointing to the left. 
But there is another school of thought about Hillary’s logo. Many believe that the arrow pointing right actually symbolizes moving to the (conservative) right as opposed to the (liberal) left. 
The logo was a brilliant concept designed to help the Democrats win over Republican voters in the general elections — voters who will definitely choose a rightist over a leftist candidate. 
The GOP’s presumptive nominee, Donald Trump, is perceived by many as more leftist than rightist, which would give Clinton the edge among conservative voters. 
Who knew the placement or direction of an arrow could spell victory or defeat for an American presidential candidate? Rate this:"	fake
d6cf2ee2ebc9b55ec8385b0a20f9417cbd9f63a9	"adobochron 2 Comments 
MANILA, Philippines ( The Adobo Chronicles, Manila Bureau) – Rappler CEO Maria Ressa’s widely-quoted statement, “Time to take back the Internet” might just come back to haunt her. Just in time for Halloween. 
Ressa has been very vocal about the proliferation of “fake” news sites and trolls that have left her online news organization lagging behind in terms of followers and reader engagements. She was particularly critical of entertainer-turned-political blogger, Mocha Uson, who has more than 4 million followers, twice that of Rappler. 
Now, the Philippine government may soon ‘take back the Internet’ from Rappler because it appears it has violated the Philippine Constitution. 
Article XVI, Section 11 of the 1987 Philippine Constitution specifically states that the mass media must be wholly-owned and managed by citizens of the Philippines. 
But Rappler is partly-owned by a foreign company, Omidyar Network. How do we know? Rappler itself told us so way back on November 5, 2015: 
So, before Rappler can take back the Internet, it may first have to give it up! Rate this:"	fake
a0ec7a8f22b44b92bea5c01a45c70e30b17384b4	"adobochron 2 Comments The Trump hotels in Las Vegas, left, and Doral 
DES MOINES, Iowa ( The Adobo Chronicles) – Since he launched his bid to be the Republican nominee for president of the United States, Donald Trump has made many promises, but nothing has caught the attention of the media and electorate more than what he said today in Iowa, on the eve of the first caucus of the 2016 presidential elections season. 
If elected president of the United States, Trump says he will not live in the White House. 
Instead, the billionaire candidate will establish his own White House outside of Washington, D.C. — as a matter of fact two of them : one in Florida and another in Nevada. Trump’s White House (s) will be headquartered in the Trump hotels in Doral and Las Vegas. 
“This will bring the White House — and the president — closer to the people,” Trump declared. He also indicated that he will not be using Airforce One or Marine One. Rather, he said he will be using his own private jet at no cost to the taxpayers. 
The Adobo Chronicles asked Trump what will happen to the media and the White House press corps when he travels across the country or abroad. 
“Well, they just have to book their own commercial flights and follow me around,” he said. 
Thousands of miles away in the Philippines, a leading presidential candidate said that if elected president, he will not live in Malacañang — the Filipino counterpart of the White House — because he likes to sleep in his own bed. His bed is in Davao City of which he is currently the mayor. 
Rodrigo Duterte said he will commute daily from Manila to Davao using a private jet of his friend. Davao is about a hour and forty-five minutes by plane from Manila, which is a far way shorter commute than being stuck in daily traffic on Metro Manila’s streets."	fake
c545a56e757eeb80748da7f585752084b8d73c3f	"adobochron 3 Comments Comerford 
Washington, D.C. (The Adobo Chronicles) – It is common knowledge that Ronald Reagan loved mac n’cheese. Bill Clinton, before his heart bypass, indulged in jalapeño cheeseburgers. How about Barack Obama? 
In an exclusive interview with White House executive chef Cristeta Comerford, she indicated that Obama does not have one particular favorite food. “But he loves Filipino cuisine,” she said. 
Comerford, a Filipino American, has so far served as executive chef under three U.S. Presidents – George W. Bush, Clinton and Obama. She is the first woman and the first of Asian descent who has served as White House executive chef. Halo-Halo 
“There are so many Filipino foods that the president likes, but on top of his list is halo-halo, the Filipino version of the Hawaiian shaved ice,” Comerford said. Asked to name the top ten Filipino foods fancied by Obama, Comerford gave us the following list: 
1. Halo-Halo (shaved ice) 
2. Dinuguan (pork blood stew) 
3. Balut (duck embryo) 
5. Kinilaw na Kambing (ceviche-style goat meat) 
6. Tocino (sweet cured pork) 
7. Laing (spicy taro leaves) 
8. Pinakbet (Filipino version of ratatouille) 
9. Crispy Pata (Deep-fried pork knuckles) 
10. Kare-Kare (Tripe and vegetables in peanut sauce) 
Asked how often Filipino food is served to the Obamas, Comerford, with a wink in her eye, said, “That’s classified information!” Rate this:"	fake
5f51e089375c7d5452ca475b563a468a60f07968	"adobochron 1 Comment Moyers 
WASHINGTON, D.C. ( The Adobo Chronicles, Washington Bureau) – Billy Don “Bill” Moyers is an American journalist and political commentator who served as White House Press Secretary in the Johnson administration from 1965 to 1967. He also worked as a network TV news commentator for ten years. Moyers has been extensively involved with public broadcasting, producing documentaries and news journal programs. He has won numerous awards and honorary degrees for his investigative journalism and civic activities and has become well known as a trenchant critic of the corporately structured U.S. news media. 
Well, he is the first high-profile American to flee the U.S. as a result of the election of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States. 
Here is Moyers’“ Farewell to America. ”"	fake
f7f8a37ccb53effb82fc140d0038e096f42dfa03	"adobochron 1 Comment Comerford, left, and Deen 
WASHINGTON, D.C. ( The Adobo Chronicles, Washington Bureau) – When Donald and Melania Trump officially move into the White House, there will be no pancit or chicken adobo on the family menu, just potato tot casserole and pumpkin pie. 
The president-elect has informed The Adobo Chronicles that he is firing Filipina White House Executive Chef Cristeta Comerford. She will be replaced by Paula Deen, American celebrity chef and former TV cooking show host. 
Paula Deen made headlines when a video surfaced in which Deen, in a deposition, admits to using the N-word and making racist and anti-semitic jokes. She also allegedly described her interest in hiring black waiters dressed to look like “slaves” at a wedding.Jun 19, 2013. 
Trump himself has been criticized for racist remarks during his presidential campaign. 
Birds of the same feather… Rate this:"	fake
b27b6f7b47cce095d8e2b6b06e5e65d164b35cc9	"adobochron Leave a comment 
CUPERTINO, California ( The Adobo Chronicles, San Jose Bureau) – Technology giant Apple is known for its innovation and for constantly reinventing itself and its products. This strategy has spelled the company’s tremendous success across the globe. 
Occasionally, Apple immerses itself in politics and the current political atmosphere following the election of Donald Trump as the 45th U.S. president is one of those times. 
By now, the term Alt-Right (Alternative Right) has become a familiar phrase especially on social media. 
The Alternative Right, commonly known as the Alt-Right, is a set of far-right ideologies, groups and individuals whose core belief is that “white identity” is under attack by multicultural forces using “political correctness” and “social justice” to undermine white people and “their” civilization. Characterized by heavy use of social media and online memes, Alt-Righters eschew “establishment” conservatism, skew young, and embrace white ethno-nationalism as a fundamental value. 
In keeping up with this new political atmosphere, Apple has just announced that it will be replacing all keyboards on its desktops, laptops, iPhones and iPads with a new design that adds the “Alt-Right” key. The key will be located in the lowermost right corner of the keyboard. How appropriate 
Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the addition of this all-important key will enable those who subscribe to the Alternative Right ideologies (and idiosyncrasies) to identify themselves when sending emails, texts or posting on social media. Hitting the “Alt-Right” key will automatically add the hashtag #AlternativeRight to whatever a person is typing on the keyboard. 
Welcome to the 22nd century! Rate this: "	fake
d9483f7585dc9cedb50cd111741b55535cbe7350	"Search for: About Us 
THE ADOBO CHRONICLES is your source of up-to-date, unbelievable news. Everything you read on this site is based on fact, except for the lies. 
We abide by the highest standards of creative writing and intend to make this site as respectable as possible to the extent allowed by our fertile mind. We welcome comments, but please bear in mind that this is a family-oriented site. We reserve the right to edit or censor any comment that we deem inappropriate or funnier than our posts . 
We also welcome reposts of our stories but request appropriate credit to The Adobo Chronicles. We cannot be responsible for reposts without credit as they may be taken in a context outside of the original intent of this website. (Yeah we know, that was quite a mouthful!) 
Why the title, “ The Adobo Chronicles ,” you might ask? Well, adobo is the national dish of our home country. You see, adobo is usually made with pork or chicken, boiled and simmered in a mixture of vinegar, soy sauce and other spices. When writing stories for this blog, we let the news sizzle and simmer in our mind in a mixture of fact and fiction, then we spice it up with figments of our imagination. 
NEW FORMAT: The Adobo Chronicles has recently adopted a new format to help readers distinguish between fact and fiction. Statements and paragraphs in our posts that are in italics represent the facts. The rest are fiction. 
Unless indicated otherwise, all images are by us or from public domain. Use of images and information from public domain are in accordance with the fair use doctrine as it applies to news, parody and the Internet. No copyright infringement is intended. 
The Adobo Chronicles is a registered trademark with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office | Registration # 4711386. And THAT is a fact!"	fake
af9615acde9b8fb236be519ad33606c0731dd060	"adobochron 1 Comment 
MANILA, Philippines ( The Adobo Chronicles, Manila Bureau) – Advertising company McCann Worldgroup Philippines will be in charge of crafting the new tourism campaign of the country, the Department of Tourism (DOT) said over the weekend. 
Tourism undersecretary for advocacy and public affairs Katherine de Castro said the P650-million contract with McCann, which won the bid to be the advertising and promotions partner of the DOT for one year, includes the production and positioning of marketing materials, as well as the formulation of a new tourism slogan. 
The Adobo Chronicles spoke with a McCann spokesperson who informed us that the slogan selected for the 2017 tourism year is a take-off from the previous “It’s More Fun in the Philippines.” 
The new slogan is “More Fun in P.I.” 
P.I. of course stands for Philippine Islands (although the country is now known by the acronym of ‘PH.’) 
But it also stands for ‘P*tang Ina’ (Son of a Whore), the cuss words often heard from President Rodrigo Roa Duterte in his speeches and interviews. 
“President Duterte’s rhetoric and cussing have put the Philippines on the world map and we would like to capitalize on that,” the McCann spokesperson said. 
He added: “Why reinvent the wheel when we can just tweak it to reflect the current situation in the Philippines?”"	fake
0813b7b859c841f43f87e15ba8bdbb26bb458dc7	"Home Leftist Corruption Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-Destroying Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-Destroying Freedom Leftist Corruption , Leftist Perversion , News 0 
On Sunday, Wikileaks gave Hillary Clinton less than a 24-hour window to drop out of the race or they will dump something that will destroy her “completely.” 
Recently, Julian Assange confirmed that WikiLeaks was not working with the Russian government , but in their pursuit of justice they are obligated to release anything that they can to bring light to a corrupt system – and who could possibly be more corrupt than Crooked Hillary? 
“The Clinton camp has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria that Russia is responsible for everything. Hillary Clinton has stated multiple times, falsely, that 17 US intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That’s false – we can say that the Russian government is not the source,” Assange said in a recent interview. “Hillary Clinton is just one person. I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick – for example faint – as a result of going on, and going with their ambitions. But she represents a whole network of people, and a whole network of relationships with particular states.” 
“Hey, @HillaryClinton, you have until Monday to drop out, or we will destroy you completely,” the cryptic tweet says. 
It is unknown what information WikiLeaks has that has not already been released. Is it proof that Bill molested children when he was with his friend Epstein? Is it something, dare I say, worse? 
Part of me hopes that she stays in the race so we can find out what it is. The rest of me just wants her gone. 
Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 187 "	fake
fa75c72b8461977754ab512fb95ee30c48198298	"Home Election 2016 Hillary Collapses On Her Way To The Stage, Sellout Bruce Springsteen Covers For Her Hillary Collapses On Her Way To The Stage, Sellout Bruce Springsteen Covers For Her Stryker Election 2016 , Leftist Corruption , Liberals Behaving Like Liberals 0 
Hillary Clinton’s sad last push for votes was supposed to culminate in a gathering of “talent” the left was calling “The Avengers of campaigning.” Hillary, Slick Willy, Barry Soetoro and Moochelle along with Creepy Uncle Joe Biden were to all come together at a huge show featuring hasbeens Bon Jovi and working class sellout Bruce Springsteen. 
From one libtard to the next, promises of work-free lives filled with food stamp steak and lobster flew amid delusional dreams of free college education for everyone and a health care system that will cure what ails you for eleven bucks a month, no questions asked. The $15 minimum wage and 90 percent tax on the people who have done well in America were celebrated with great vigor, until it came time for the woman of the hour herself to take the stage. 
Bruce Springsteen, acting as master of ceremonies, shouted over the roar of the feminist-laden crowd, “Here she is, and I’m with her!” Unfortunately, she never appeared in the spotlight. 
Springsteen, after holding a finger to his earpiece, picked up his acoustic guitar and started slowly picking away a familiar tune. He turned to the audience and said: 
“You know, before the next President of the United States comes out here I want to make sure we’re all ready. Are you ready?” The crowd cheered. “If there’s one thing we’ve always known about this amazing woman, one thing that w2as never in question, it’s that she was born to run.” 
As the crowd went nuts for the popular song, interns and medical staff were reportedly attending to Clinton backstage after she collapsed from an unknown ailment. The press was quickly corralled and swept aside, but a couple of rogue stagehands tweeted about the incident before they were discovered and their posts deleted. This screenshot was grabbed within a minute of it being tweeted: 
Clinton is said to have looked pale and distant, unaware of her surroundings. As of the writing of this article, Springsteen was still playing his set. Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 234 "	fake
5c22cf9c0c1583399f4972bea866c612b41bbc49	"Humor Home Trump Van Full Of Illegals Shows Up To Vote Clinton At SIX Polling Places, Still Think Voter Fraud Is A Myth? Van Full Of Illegals Shows Up To Vote Clinton At SIX Polling Places, Still Think Voter Fraud Is A Myth? Freedom Trump 8 
Democrats want you to think voter fraud is a myth, but that’s because the Democrat Party benefits so much from it. In July, Election Justice USA, for example, reported that without Clinton’s team committing egregious acts of voter fraud, Sanders would have been the man to lose to Donald Trump in the national election. Instead, we have Pantsuits McCriminal, and what happened Friday is absolute proof that she will do literally anything to win. 
Fox 10 Phoenix reports that nine illegal immigrants complete with fake identification and voter registration cards, and stolen social security numbers, voted at around 9 am a Desert Wind Middle School in Pinal County. At 10:30, the very same white van carrying the very same illegals was spotted at Santa Rosa Elementary School and they voted there as well. Just two hours later, the same group showed up at the Global Water Center to cast their vote. 
By this point, poll workers had been notified and one of those Poll Watchers liberals hate so much pretended to take a poll and asked them whom they had voted for. In broken English, one man who identified himself as Jose Gutierrez said “I am voting for Hillary Clinton many times.” 
And vote many times he did. Mr. “Gutierrez” and friends voted in two more locations, their spree ending in Maricopa County where a Sheriff was waiting for them. The nine beloved “undocumented persons” as Democrats call them were arrested and charged with attempted in-person voter fraud and several other charges. Unfortunately, only one will be deported. 
“They were just enthusiastic. Most of these people do not have criminal records before this,” an immigration official says, “with the exception of Enrique Calderon of Mexico.” The official explained that Calderon is wanted on two counts of rape and six counts of drug trafficking back in Mexico, where he will be returning soon. 
Why aren’t the rest being sent back with him? Ask Obama. Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 338.1k "	fake
023f7e2adb0b8230db34fa9971a113316de5264a	"Humor Home Leftist Corruption Lady Gaga’s Twitter Attack On Melania Trump Lands Her In Handcuffs When The Two Meet Face To Face Lady Gaga’s Twitter Attack On Melania Trump Lands Her In Handcuffs When The Two Meet Face To Face Stryker Leftist Corruption , Liberals Behaving Like Liberals , Social Justice Warriors 4 
After Melania Trump’s brilliant speech about cyberbullying went viral, leftist elites immediately began attacking her. It seems they consider her husband, the next President of the United States, to be a cyber bully himself because he likes to tell the truth on Twitter. 
One of those leftists, Lady Gaga, Tweeted an insult at Mrs. Trump that probably deserved some kind of snarky, rude response, but the future First Lady has far too much class for that. She proved it yet again Sunday night when the two came face to face in New York City. Gaga, or GooGoo as she should be called, proved yet again that she has no class, shouting “whore” and “go back to YOUR country” at Melania from across a sidewalk being cleared by the Secret Service. 
Mrs. Trump, class act that she is, simply smiled at the overrated pop star, which seemed to enrage the little ball of hate even more. Witnesses say that they saw GooGoo throw something at Mrs. Trump, which is where the Secret Service stepped in. 
The New York Post tried to reach out to the NYPD after it was reported that GooGoo was taken away in a black Yukon in handcuffs, but as of yet there’s no record of an arrest. You can rest assured if this incident isn’t prosecuted by the corrupt liberals in the city government that the less-than-lady will be staring down the barrel of a multi-million dollar lawsuit. Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 67.9k "	fake